# Inception Phase: Kharta Coria Graphica
## Introduction
This solution is not ready for use, with fundamental components or framework needing to be coded. The inception phase will complete a Telligent Plugin for Containers, Applications, and Contents (Telligent Content Model). Transitioning soon into an Elaboration Phase, which will code a Kharta container types for different discipline data sets and offer admin or management panel tools. The Group containers will be supported with thier own Applications for Sources, data viewers, analysis models, data conversion, and presentation tools. Contents for Maps, Tables, and Charts will be easily embed in pages or applications (blogs, wikis, media, forums).
## Description And Capabilities
Kharta Coria Graphic is a Telligent Community Plugin and a Visual Studio solution.  Kharta, as in a chart or map, is both for understanding aspatial and spatial phenomena.  Coria, as in skin or a presentation wrapper, is named such to denote the use of libraries that help deliver compelling graphics, e.g., d3.js, Google Maps Api, MapBox, ArcGIS or others.  Graphica, as in data visualization, is the process of extracting implicit knowledge in data as explicit information.  Kharta manages the data sources which live either externally on the web, as data services, or internally, as part of the robust "Telligent Community" framework family of applications (blogs, forums, wikis, and media galleries (images, text files, csv, etc.) or as RESTful data services, e.g., searching for Telligent Community Content. Coria interfaces different apis with data sources
## Inception Phase Goals
TBD
